Drop Plugins section from “Adding captions and subtitles to HTML video” (#22178)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/guide/audio_and_video_delivery/adding_captions_and_subtitles_to_html5_video/index.md

### Chrome and Opera

> These browsers have similar implementations again: subtitles are enabled by default and the default control set contains a 'cc' button that turns subtitles on and off. Chrome and Opera ignore the `default` attribute on the `<track>` element and will instead try to match the browser's language to the subtitle's language.

Reviewer: The list is clearly rubbish. My personal favourite is https://www.leanbackplayer.com/ "The home of unbiased, customer-centric information for all things **Casino-related.**".

My take on this kind of thing is that we should avoid tools links unless there is a defacto standard tool, or only one tool. 
I appreciate we want to help people, but most of the time they could find more accurate and up to date options using a search engine. For example, I am happy to mention Github - but if I wanted to refer to the tools generically I would say something like: "Use Github or some other source code management tool (search for SCM on the internet to find alternatives)."

We could try that here because I do think it is good to hint that there are other options than rolling it out yourself. Otherwise I'm happy to remove. Suggestion below - I will leave this decision to @sideshowbarker (approve to do what you like).

```suggestion
These browsers have similar implementations again: subtitles are enabled by default and the default control set contains a 'cc' button that turns subtitles on and off. Chrome and Opera ignore the `default` attribute on the `<track>` element and will instead try to match the browser's language to the subtitle's language.

## Plugins

There are also many open-source and commercial HTML video player plugins that offer caption and subtitle support that you can use instead of rolling out your own.
You can search for these on the Internet using terms like "HTML Video Player Plugin".
```

@wbamberg FWIW I don't think we'll ever be able to do this properly via tooling; though we could do a better job of spotting likely problematic links by having these in metadata. Absolutely agree we need a policy, but best to start a discussion in the community section maybe?

PS: Next time though, can we delete the IE crap too in the preceding section?

## Plugins

> There are also many open-source and commercial HTML video player plugins that offer caption and subtitle support that you can use instead of rolling out your own.
> You can search for these on the Internet using terms like "HTML Video Player Plugin".

Author: ```suggestion
There are also many open-source and commercial HTML video-player plugins that offer caption and subtitle support that you can use instead of rolling your own.
You can search for those on the web using search terms like _"HTML video player plugin"_.
```
